You're still so stupid.
This is worship.
There's no cure.
Then you are the Buddha
What's so important about this kid?
Don't tell him what kind of shit unicorn inheritor he is
That kind of illusory legend
I fooled you and my teachers
Can't fool us
decentralization
Your disciples' ability to court death
It really makes me sigh
I'm more curious now. Can they go down to the tens?
Survival Lord Li Tangxuan believers are powerless
I would like to dedicate myself to the door today
No. Why?
I'm also curious where their confidence comes from
Can hold up
Since you put yourself in such a position of totalitarianism
That's at least a peerless master who rules the world
Then if you can take my punch
I, Black Buddha, am willing to die today
Black Buddha
But what are you talking about?
If I didn't even have that confidence
Then all these years of fighting on the battlefield will be for nothing
I would like to add to the black talisman
As long as this kid can connect to the army of the black talisman
Then I will kneel down and apologize immediately
I'm as greedy as labor
Since our four major warriors are gambling
Do you dare to take it or not?
Don't worry.
As long as the four warriors can take this opportunity to destroy
Then the warrior is not a problem.
Didn't you just say that you were very strict?
Why can't even the God of War take a punch?
Okay, this so-called bet
You rape children when I'm too lazy to waste time with you.
You go together